refactor: `cloudavenue_iam_user` ress/data to supertypes (#949)
orange-cloudavenue/terraform-provider-cloudavenue: .changelog/948.txt

```release-note:note

> `resource/cloudavenue_iam_user` - Improve the documentation for the `name` attribute. The `name` attribute disallows the use of Uppercase ans space characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`resource/cloudavenue_iam_user` - Improve the documentation for the `name` attribute. The `name` attribute disallow the use of Uppercase and space characters.
```
